BASE DIRECTORY:

To be updated from current code submission to final code submission.  Notes on progress/functionality listed at bottom.


main - directory composed of the files you gave me and other works to get connection.  
	Also updated jquery and downloaded proper 3.4.1 doc.
	-updated with the following:
	onlineMongoClient2.html - This has been my work as the form page
	onlineMongoClient2.css - some ideas for creating a check box / x for correct input
	onlineMongoCleint2.js - javascript file for the form (also used as trial for feedback from server)
	onlineMongo2.js - main server for the project
	audiotest.html - some of my testing of audio code I found to try to implement

MongoDb - required files for mongodb
node_modules - required files for nodejs / express


public_html - main group folder for docs
	.vs, book-selection - Yumu's react work
	CSS - styles.css is the main css file which I was involved in 30% or so.  It's been modified over time.
		-style.css was the main file until we started going through phases.  
		You can view some of the work I did - all comments that talk about removal from 
		inline was work other students had that was inline and I converted to be 
		implemented in CSS doc.  Also did some minor adjustments to images and 3-4 other 
		css group modifications.  Group didn't carry over my comments from style.css to new styles.css
		for some reason.  I just updated styles.css with comments when I created things and modified
		items within their structure.
		-raisa1, style1-4 were Raisa's designs
		-styles(old).css was an older version of the styles.css from prior phase (I like using these as 
		reference when working on updating files)
		-styles-end (both files) were composed by both James and Yumu if memory serves correct
	Images - images for the story
	Pages - did a bit of work on chap2page1.html (plan is to revamp and tie last page into the single 
		html doc instead of chap2page1.html AND chap2end-.html for the story)
		chap1page1-5 is the hardcoded story.
		NOTE:  never received any of the updated files/story/audio so continuing on with what I have so far
	Scripts - more mongo/node testing and server files
		- db.js, P4Server.js, quickServ.js, nodeServer.js and server.js are files I was working on.
		-P4Server.js was the transition nodejs server from hardcoded files/text to pulling info from nodejs server.
			only contribution to coding came from James wanting one or two text options updated. 
		- index.js is composed by myself and Yumu's contribution of the last page tie in.
		- testdel.sh (test deletion shell script to atlas - works)
		- testfind.sh (test find shell script to atlas - works)
		- testpost.sh (test post shell script to atlas - works)
		- indexA.js looks like someone trying to look at some of my other coding.  I'd modified James' original 
		options menu, added the option to be displayed in a text box, added audio depending on the 
		selection and changed the inline alert popups for english text.  This shows most of stuff I'd 
		done prior...maybe one of the other students reviewing my work?
		-index(old).js - older phase javascript - like I said, I like keeping these for reference
		-photoRotation.js - something that James provided.  May have been modified/used in current index.js by Yumu
public_html (OLD) - copy of original but kept as reference so I could work on html/css/js pages 
React - Yumu's work (kept for the intro/page selection)
tmp - temporary folder when uploading files
uploads - main folder to house uploaded files

PROGRESS/FUNCTIONALITY

public_html/index.html - main page to bring up storybook - little modification yet but looking to update html/javascript so it performs properly
			and pulls from the mongodb story.
OnlineMongoClient2.html - main forms page.  This is alot of what I was working on - to provide the clients with the ability to update and
			modify their own stories.
				Create New Story - creates a collection (functioning) can do any story besides "story1" which is in use
				Upload All Files - place to upload all files used (pictures an audio) - this goes to the uploads folder (functioning)
				Link Files And Text To Story Pages - REQ: storyname, page number.  This loads whole page selection at once with "combine and send 
				to server" button...it creates the basic page(functioning)
					- "update" will update single elements if a page already exists (use "story1" for story name and "1" for page, then can input on any line)
					- "Remove" will remove single elements if a page already exists (as above, this will remove object input from the database)
				Info from server - I had it working but I've been copying stuff and must have overwritten it using html-kit.  
					Seen this happen a few times where it seems to cut instead of copying.  Will have to redo the server call but 
					I'm confident I can get it working again.  I basically had it send the proper page as a json object back to the javascript file 
					can distribute all values into the html from there as needed.
					UPDATE: this works - was able to copy over the function call from backups.  (use story1 and page 1 then hit "Info from server" button
					This will pull the page in json format and display the page number (1).  seen in onlineMongoClient2.js around line 678.
					Again, just need to have this implemented in index.js and update chap2page1.html. 

Future Work:
	
	Clean up the form with an option/selection menu (ie. option1 - update page, option 2 update page elements, option3 remove page elements, option4 create new story)
	reimplement "Info from server" button on onlineMongo2.js
	Clean up html page and tie Info from server into working product.
	Introduce new intro page to select stories
	Introduce audio recording
	
	
